Change/streamline editor autosave (#8457)
owncloud/web: docs/getting-started.md

- `option.routing` This accepts an object with the following fields to customize the routing behaviour:
  - `options.routing.idBased` Enable or disable fileIds being added to the URL. Defaults to `true` because otherwise e.g. spaces with name clashes can't be resolved correctly. Only disable this if you can guarantee server side that spaces of the same namespace can't have name clashes.   
- `options.upload.xhr.timeout` Specifies the timeout for XHR uploads in milliseconds.

> - `options.editor.autosaveEnabled` Specifies if the autosave for the text editor is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `options.editor.autosaveEnabled` Specifies if the autosave for the editor apps is enabled.
```

> - `options.editor.autosaveInterval` Specifies the time interval for the file editor autosave in milliseconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `options.editor.autosaveInterval` Specifies the time interval for the autosave of editor apps in milliseconds.
```
